Update README.md (#14)
machine-learning-apps/repo2docker-action: README.md

# <a href="https://github.com/jupyter/repo2docker"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/repo2docker/3fa7444fca6ae2b51e590cbc9d83baf92738ca2a/docs/source/_static/images/repo2docker.png" height="40px" /></a>  repo2docker GitHub Action

Trigger [repo2docker](https://github.com/jupyter/repo2docker) to build a Jupyter enabled Docker image from your GitHub repository and push this image to a Docker registry of your choice.  This will automatically attempt to build an environment from configuration files found in your repository in the [manner described here](https://repo2docker.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html#where-to-put-configuration-files).

Read the full docs on repo2docker for more information:  https://repo2docker.readthedocs.io

Images generated by this action are automatically tagged with both `latest` and `<SHA>` corresponding to the relevant commit SHA on GitHub.  Both tags are pushed to the Docker registry specified by the user. If an existing image with the `latest` tag already exists in your registry, this Action attempts to pull that image as a cache to reduce uncessary build steps.

## What Can I Do With This Action?

> - Use repo2docker to pre-cache images for your own [BinderHub cluster](https://binderhub.readthedocs.io/en/latest/zero-to-binderhub/setup-binderhub.html), or for [mybinder.org](https://mybinder.org/). 

Reviewer: How would I use this action wit mybinder.org? I see how you can use it for "your own" BinderHub because you have access to the docker registry. For mybinder.org we don't let people push to the registry though.

You could use this to do all sorts of optimisations like pushing the image to a public registry and then in your real repo inheriting directly from it, etc. However I think those use-cases require a level of sophistication that needs some explanation. So maybe not great to teaser them in a half sentence?

Author: @betatim, I added clarifying language here per your suggestion.  Hopefully this makes it clearer, now.  I will continue to work on more examples and docs.

- Provide a way to Dockerize data science repositories with Jupyter server enabled that you can deploy to VMs, [serverless computing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serverless_computing) or other services that can serve Docker containers as-a-service.

> - Maximize reproduceability by allowing authors without any knowledge of Docker to utlizie to build and share containers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Maximize reproducibility by allowing authors, without any prior knowledge of Docker, to build and share containers.
```
